# Store Application

This project is a store application built with React Native using Expo. The application fetches data from the FakeStoreAPI and uses various libraries such as React Navigation, React Native Re-animated, Redux Toolkit, AsyncStorage, FlashList, and Axios.

## Table of Contents

1. [Features](#features)
2. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
3. [Installation](#installation)
4. [Running the App](#running-the-app)
5. [Project Structure](#project-structure)
6. [Dependencies](#dependencies)
7. [Contributing](#contributing)
8. [License](#license)

## Features

- Display products from FakeStoreAPI.
- Product listing with FlashList for better performance.
- State management with Redux Toolkit.
- Navigation with React Navigation.
- Smooth animations with React Native Re-animated.
- Persistent storage with AsyncStorage.
- Network requests handled by Axios.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- Node.js (>= 14.x)
- Expo CLI (>= 5.x)
- Git

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Anislar/shopping
    cd shopping
    ```

2. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. Install Expo CLI globally if you haven't already:
    ```bash
    npm install -g expo-cli
    ```

## Running the App

1. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npx expo start --go
    ```

2. Use the Expo Go app on your mobile device to scan the QR code generated by the development server.

## Project Structure

```
shopping/
├── components/
│ ├── cartItem.js
│ └── ...
├── router/
│ ├── index.js
│ └── ...
├── redux/
│ ├── reducer/
│ │ └── productReducers.js
│ └── store.js
├── screens/
│ ├── Main.js
│ └── ...
├── helpers/
│ ├── commons.js
│ └── ...
├── services/
│ ├── main.services.js
│ └── ...
├── App.jsx
├── app.json
└── package.json

```


## Dependencies

- **Expo:** Framework for universal React applications.
- **React Navigation:** Routing and navigation for your React Native apps.
- **React Native Re-animated:** Declarative API for animations and interactions.
- **Redux Toolkit:** Standard way to write Redux logic.
- **AsyncStorage:** Simple, unencrypted, asynchronous, persistent, key-value storage system.
- **FlashList:** High-performance list for React Native.
- **Axios:** Promise-based HTTP client for the browser and Node.js.

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome! Please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature-branch-name`
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature-branch-name`
5. Create a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
